README.md, before:

# Cppcheck Official

**Cppcheck Official** is a minimalistic Visual Studio Code extension that runs [cppcheck](https://cppcheck.sourceforge.net/) against C/C++ files upon save and reports any warnings or errors in the Problems panel.

## Features

- **On-save linting**: When you save a c/cpp file, `cppcheck` is automatically run on that file.
- **Per-file diagnostics**: Only diagnostics relevant to the saved file are displayed.
- **Configurable severity threshold**: Filter out messages below a chosen severity level (`info`, `warning`, or `error`).
- **Set C/C++ standard**: Easily specify `--std=<id>` (e.g. `c++17`, `c99`, etc.).
- **Diagnostic cleanup**: When you close a file, its diagnostics are automatically cleared.
- **Project file support**: You can feed your project file to cppcheck through the `--project` flag in the `cppcheck-official.arguments` field in the extension settings.
## Requirements

 **Cppcheck** must be installed on your system.  
  - By default, this extension looks for `cppcheck` on the system PATH.
  - Alternatively, specify a custom executable path using the `cppcheck-official.path` setting.

Examples of installing Cppcheck:
  - On Linux (Debian/Ubuntu), install via `sudo apt-get install cppcheck`.
  - On macOS with Homebrew: `brew install cppcheck`.
  - On Windows, install from [cppcheck's website](https://cppcheck.sourceforge.net/).

## Extension Settings

This extension contributes the following settings under `cppcheck-official.*`:

- **`cppcheck-official.enable`**: (boolean) Enable or disable the extension.  
- **`cppcheck-official.minSeverity`**: (string) Minimum severity to report (`info`, `warning`, or `error`).  `info` shows style, performance, portability and information messages.
- **`cppcheck-official.standard`**: (string) Sets the C/C++ standard with `--std=<id>` (e.g. `c11`, `c++17`).
- **`cppcheck-official.arguments`**: (string) Additional [command line arguments](https://cppcheck.sourceforge.io/manual.pdf?#page=5) to pass to `cppcheck`.  
- **`cppcheck-official.path`**: (string) Path to the `cppcheck` executable. If left empty, `cppcheck` from the system PATH is used. Supports paths relative to workspace folder on the formats `./RELATIVE_PATH`, `../RELATIVE_PATH` or `${workspaceFolder}/RELATIVE_PATH`.

## Reporting Issues
Please submit any issues or feature requests via the [GitHub Issues page](https://github.com/cppchecksolutions/vscode-cppcheck-official/issues).

## Acknowledgements
This plugin is forked from the plugin cppcheck-lite by Justus Rijke (https://github.com/JustusRijke/Cppcheck-Lite).

Commit message:

README.md: Tweaks. Cppcheck official is not minimalistic. Fix URLs. Notes are displayed.

README.md, after:

# Cppcheck Official

**Cppcheck Official** is a Visual Studio Code extension that runs [cppcheck](https://cppcheck.sourceforge.io/) against C/C++ files upon save and reports any warnings or errors in the Problems panel.

## Features

- **On-save linting**: When you save a c/cpp file, `cppcheck` is automatically run on that file.
- **Per-file diagnostics**: Only diagnostics relevant to the saved file are displayed.
- **Configurable severity threshold**: Filter out messages below a chosen severity level (`info`, `warning`, or `error`).
- **Set C/C++ standard**: Easily specify `--std=<id>` (e.g. `c++17`, `c99`, etc.).
- **Diagnostic cleanup**: When you close a file, its diagnostics are automatically cleared.
- **Project file support**: You can feed your project file to cppcheck through the `--project` flag in the `cppcheck-official.arguments` field in the extension settings.
- **Warning notes**: Display notes for warnings when those are available

## Requirements

 **Cppcheck** must be installed on your system.  
  - By default, this extension looks for `cppcheck` on the system PATH.
  - Alternatively, specify a custom executable path using the `cppcheck-official.path` setting.

Examples of installing Cppcheck:
  - On Linux (Debian/Ubuntu), install via `sudo apt-get install cppcheck`.
  - On macOS with Homebrew: `brew install cppcheck`.
  - On Windows, install from [cppcheck's website](https://cppcheck.sourceforge.io/).

## Extension Settings

This extension contributes the following settings under `cppcheck-official.*`:

- **`cppcheck-official.enable`**: (boolean) Enable or disable the extension.  
- **`cppcheck-official.minSeverity`**: (string) Minimum severity to report (`info`, `warning`, or `error`).  `info` shows style, performance, portability and information messages.
- **`cppcheck-official.standard`**: (string) Sets the C/C++ standard with `--std=<id>` (e.g. `c11`, `c++17`).
- **`cppcheck-official.arguments`**: (string) Additional [command line arguments](https://cppcheck.sourceforge.io/manual.pdf?#page=5) to pass to `cppcheck`.  
- **`cppcheck-official.path`**: (string) Path to the `cppcheck` executable. If left empty, `cppcheck` from the system PATH is used. Supports paths relative to workspace folder on the formats `./RELATIVE_PATH`, `../RELATIVE_PATH` or `${workspaceFolder}/RELATIVE_PATH`.

## Reporting Issues
Please submit any issues or feature requests via the [GitHub Issues page](https://github.com/cppchecksolutions/vscode-cppcheck-official/issues).

## Acknowledgements
This plugin is forked from the plugin cppcheck-lite by Justus Rijke (https://github.com/JustusRijke/Cppcheck-Lite).
